Migrate from ServiceMonitor to PodMonitor (#168)
RocketChat/helm-charts: rocketchat/README.md

| `serviceMonitor.intervals`              | The intervals at which metrics should be scraped                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | `[30s]`                              |
| `serviceMonitor.ports`                  | The port names at which container exposes Prometheus metrics                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | `[metrics]`                          |

> | `livenessProbe.enabled`                | Turn on and off liveness probe                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | `true`                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `serviceMonitor.interval`              | deprecated, use `serviceMonitor.intervals` instead | `30s`                              |
| `serviceMonitor.port`                  | deprecated, use `serviceMonitor.ports` instead | `metrics`                          |
| `livenessProbe.enabled`                | Turn on and off liveness probe                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | `true`                             |
```

| `serviceMonitor.enabled`               | Create ServiceMonitor resource(s) for scraping metrics using PrometheusOperator (prometheusScraping should be enabled)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | `false`                            |
| `serviceMonitor.intervals`              | The intervals at which metrics should be scraped                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | `[30s]`                              |

> | `serviceMonitor.ports`                  | The port names at which container exposes Prometheus metrics                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | `[metrics]`                          |

Reviewer: These :p

Author: added back

> | `prometheusScraping.ms_port`           | Port to use for microservices metrics                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | `9458`                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `prometheusScraping.ms_port`           | Port to use for microservices metrics                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | `9458`                             |
```
Camelcase pls :grimacing:

Author: mybad, fixed in new commit

IFF you manually enabled ingress.federation.serveWellKnown (which was a hidden setting) before, during upgrade, disable it once before enabling it again.

Chart contained a bug that would cause `wellknown` deployment to fail to update (illegal live modification of `matchLabels`).

### To 6.25.0

**This is only applicable if you are using Prometheus monitoring with ServiceMonitor.**

> The chart has been updated to use PodMonitor instead of ServiceMonitor for Prometheus metrics collection. If you were using ServiceMonitor before, you'll need to update your values.yaml file. Here's how to migrate:

Reviewer: Prob should mention why podmonitor is better as you said

IFF you manually enabled ingress.federation.serveWellKnown (which was a hidden setting) before, during upgrade, disable it once before enabling it again.

Chart contained a bug that would cause `wellknown` deployment to fail to update (illegal live modification of `matchLabels`).

### To 6.25.0

**This is only applicable if you are using Prometheus monitoring with ServiceMonitor.**

> The chart has been updated to use PodMonitor instead of ServiceMonitor for Prometheus metrics collection. If you were using ServiceMonitor before, you'll need to update your values.yaml file. Here's how to migrate:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The chart has been updated to use PodMonitor instead of ServiceMonitor for Prometheus metrics collection. If you were using ServiceMonitor before, it is recommended to update your values.yaml file and use podMonitor instead. Here's how to migrate:
```
